Wrapper script panorama - limit has no default value (#17256)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_8_6.md

#### Scripts
##### PanoramaSecurityPolicyMatchWrapper

> - Fixed an issue where was no default value for limit argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the default value of the *limit* argument was not set correctly.
```
